Hi.
We didn't his lectures.
We're going to see a way to implement this constrains in a very easy way.
So far we have been doing this constrains in a manual way.
So if you choose the view if you choose your phone from here and click on the turned option over here
you will see some menus.
So we have worked with this before.
So if you choose one of the views the upper side will just work on that view and the below site.
The bottom side will work on all of these views.
OK so if you see clear constraints here.
If you click on that bottom it will clear all the constraints.
It will delete all the constraints in your app as you can see.
Now I clicked it and all the constraints that we have been worked on so far have been erased.
Now I'm going to go and do this automatically rather than manually.
So you can't try to choose a review or you can just click on here and come over this option one more
time you will see add missing constraints then reset to suggest that constraints for right now I'm going
going to go for a reset to suggested cost traits.
OK.
If I do that this will add the constraints itself.
So this is pretty much what we have done in the previous lectures.
It's kind of different but it's adding some constraints to Image view and it's adding some constraints
to label as well.
So after you do this after you reset to suggested constraints you can't try to run this on iPhone AC
or iPhone X R and try to see how does it look like on your phone.
So if you're satisfied with this view that it's OK you can go for it and if you're not satisfied at
this point you may have to clear constraints or you may have to go these constraints one by one and
try to adjust them in your own way.
So in the apps that we are going to be building we're just going to use this ad to suggest that constraints
generally.
So let me change this to scale to feel or aspect feel or aspect fit.
OK.
And try like this.
So you find satisfied with this look that I get that I don't have to change anything else.
And again if I'm not satisfied so I'm going to have to start from the beginning.
For example let me clear this constraints one more time and let me add some manual constraints to my
Image view on the second option over here.
OK.
So let me choose the left right and the top constrains.
Add this three constraints as you can see there are still some missing constraints that I need to add
in order this to work and I have this the red lines stating that there is a problem with the layout
then I can go over here turned option and I can say add missing constraints.
So after I specifically choose after I specify what I want to specify I can leave the rest to X code
as well.
I can just say Okay I have done my thing now add the missing constraints and it will give me the same
results.
So this is how you work with layout.
This is how you try to make your app work exactly the same in different kinds of screen sizes or iPhone
models.
And of course depending on your complexity you may have to spend more time working on this manual call
strings or automatic constraints after this section.
We will be focusing on the coding side rather than this layout side.
So we will be using reset to suggests that constraints a lot but I'm going to show you some other ways
to create to use for example not with using the main storyboard but just using codes and then we will
be ready to move on.
Let's do that in the next lecture.